What are you guys
talking about?
Just talking about
robbing a hawala.
I got a guy.
[ Sighs ]
These guys take money in
and they give it out.
If he can move 1/4 million
on any given day,
he's gotta be keeping
more than that somewhere.
Sorry, man.
Can't do business with you.
It came from Pete.
He says we're supposed to stay
away from the Codys for a while.
This is like a phone book
of all the criminals
in San Diego County.
So?
You gonna call him?
Tell him you killed Max
and you're in charge now?
Pete never flushed the coke.
I need to be cut in.
You know we're talking about
$1 million in cash.
This guy gets robbed,
he's gonna start looking
at new faces --
mine first.
When that bridge burns,
I need to be gone.
Deran: All right,
we'll split it up equally.
With you, five.
What do you think
of the house?
You really want to
settle down like this?
Like we're normal?
-Who's that?
-This is Mom.
-[ Sniffs ]
-You all right, man?
Renn took off?
Quit pretending
you're just still having fun.
Pope:
You stole money from Smurf.
She thinks you're talking
to the police.
I would never
go to the police.
I know.
I told Smurf.
And did she believe you?
No.
♪♪
♪ She stares deeply ♪
♪ Locked inside me ♪
♪ Burnin' brightly ♪
♪ One they know
that I cannot take ♪
♪ Waitin' for it all to begin ♪
♪ Every night now, they'll win ♪
♪ Come and meet my black hole ♪
♪ Got a big black hole ♪
♪ I've got a big black hole ♪
♪ I've got a big black,
big black hole ♪
♪ Got a big black hole
inside of me ♪
♪ Got a ♪
[ Lock clicking ]
Hello?
Is anybody home?
[ Clock ticking ]
[ The Pretenders'
"Brass In My Pocket" plays ]
♪ I got brass
In pocket ♪
♪ I got bottle
I'm gonna use it ♪
♪ Intention
I feel inventive ♪
♪ Gonna make you, make you,
make you notice ♪
♪♪
[ Dramatic music plays ]
[ Indistinct voices in distance,
door opens ]
Said the same th--
Yo.
You guys are late.
You got a nice place,
man.
Hey, uh,
let me get a beer.
No.
That's your burner.
Here's the key.
Opens up the garage.
It'll all be in there.
And, uh, I need you guys up
at 2:30, yeah?
Set two alarms
for yourself.
What about the cash?
That comes later.
Get out of here.
Go on.
Don't screw this up.
I'm serious -- two alarms.
Yeah.
You got it, man.
Yeah, yeah.
[ Door closes ]
♪♪
[ Whispering ] Oh, my God.
What is he doing?
Ugh.
How are you feeling?
Good.
You got the van?
Yeah.
Where?
Vista. Paid some meth-head
500 bucks for it.
You change the plates?
Yes.
Good.
Here, drink this.
Is that the tea
that smells like ass?
-Uh, yes.
-Uh, no, thank you.
It will help.
With what?
Detox.
I'm done with that.
Bullshit.
Look, I wasn't a junkie.
I was just trying
to clean my act up.
Well, did you
get any sleep?
No, just gonna
push on through.
Do you think
that's a good idea?
Are you telling me
how to do this now?
[ Inhales, sighs ]
No.
Eh, [sighs] hey.
Job's gonna be fine.
Del Mar will take
too long.
I don't know why you don't want
to do Pam's job.
Merch at the Forum?
Yes.
It's too high-profile.
So what?
She knows the guy in security.
It'll be easy.
[ Scoffs ]
I think we should
hit it twice.
I think we should go once
for the Lakers,
and we should go back again
for a concert or something.
We need to slow down.
Why?
Max has been in the ground
less than a month.
Yeah, and things are good.
No more 30%.
Big moves
attract attention.
[ Sighs ]
From who?
Other crews?
Please.
Let 'em come.
Oh, you're the queen
of Oceanside now, huh?
I'm just tired of doing
shitty jobs.
We need to think bigger.
Oh. Heads up.
[ Approaching engine rumbling ]
[ Engine stops,
car door opens ]
[ Police radio chatter ]
Hey, Jerry.
Ms. Cody.
Everything okay?
Jerry:
Let's go, kids.
Mom!
[ Sighs ]
Go stand by Jake.
[ Police radio chatter ]
[ Sighs ]
Manager caught them lifting
a wallet at the 7-Eleven.
Really?
Kids.
Thank you.
For bringing them back.
Take care, Ms. Cody.
Yeah.
You, too.
[ Car door closes ]
[ Engine starts ]
♪♪
J.
[ Water running ]
♪♪
J!
[ Water stops running ]
Hey.
When'd you put this up?
A while ago.
I always wanted to put
a picture of my mom up,
but Smurf would have
taken it down.
♪♪
You should get dressed.
They're gonna be here soon.
♪♪
So, you got caught.
Come on, Janine.
What happened?
So, it was you.
Jesus.
Janine.
Both of you inside, now.
Do you gotta be like that?
Excuse me?
You're the reason they did it
in the first place.
We have money.
Why are you making them
lift wallets?
I have them lift them
for practice.
Don't you want
something better for them?
What's wrong with
what we do?
Nothing -- for us.
But you should want
something better for them.
♪♪
You know what I think?
I think you should go back
to Cheryl.
What?
You should go have
your own damn kids.
Raise them
however you want.
If you want to work...
call me.
Nah, I'm not listening
to this bullshit.
♪♪
[ Exhales ]
Got you clothes.
-You get the right masks?
-Yeah.
The other ones
felt like shit.
-What's up with you?
-Nothing.
Man, you wanted me sober?
This is me sober.
Deran: Get the Olney Mill
cameras sorted out?
Yeah, I disabled them online
a couple hours ago.
You cool?
All right.
All right, let's go.
♪♪
See you on the other side.
Tell me what happened.
[ Sighs ]
It's just not fun anymore.
Andrew,
is that how you feel?
Baby, did you try thinking about
how good it would feel
when you got the wallet?
You'd have more money
for more candy.
And if you'd have gotten
a credit card...
...we could have...
[exhales sharply]
We could have gone
to Disneyland.
Disneyland?
Mm-hmm.
I want to go
to Disneyland.
I know.
That would have been fun.
I want to go
to Disneyland.
We can't,
'cause you made a mistake.
It's okay, baby.
Come here.
It's okay
to make a mistake.
[ Sighs ]
Just don't do it again.
You understand?
I have an idea.
Maybe we can't go
to Disneyland, but...
...we could go
on a little vacation.
Do you like that?
Yes.
You'd like a little surprise,
little baby girl?
♪♪
[ Keys jingling ]
[ Engine starts ]
[ Back-up alarm beeping ]
♪♪
[ Engine starts ]
Morning.
Okay, so, they won.
[ Device beeps ]
Yep.
That'll be 50 bucks.
Catch me
back at the bar later.
Looking good.
[ Knocks on truck panel ]
We're good to go.
[ Engine revving ]
♪♪
[ Indistinct radio chatter ]
[ Keys jingling, lock rattling ]
♪♪
What the --?!
Agh!
Grange: Hey! Agh!
Agh! Agh!
-Close it! Close it!
-Agh!
[ Muffled struggling ]
♪♪
All right.
Second one in,
buried two containers deep.
♪♪
It's the container
on the other side of this wall.
♪♪
[ Indistinct shouting
in distance ]
♪♪
[ Sprayer hissing ]
[ Hissing resumes ]
♪♪
Craig: Look.
Turn to the right.
No, nothing.
Move it over.
[ Hissing continues ]
♪♪
Other side.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
[ Sighs ]
That's a safe, man.
That's a safe.
That's it.
♪♪
[ Indistinct talking ]
[ Cellphone chimes
and vibrates ]
Wyatt's in the office.
♪♪
[ Metal clanging ]
Let's do that.
♪♪
Ooh.
[ Engine starts ]
♪♪
Man on megaphone: Attention!
This is a restricted area.
Move along,
or you will be detained.
Attention!
This is a restricted area.
Move along,
or you will be detained.
[ Siren wailing ]
♪♪
The jet skis came early.
Deran's moving to
the pick-up point.
Yo, man,
I still need five.
Yo, you gotta hurry up!
[ Siren wailing ]
♪♪
Attention!
This is a restricted area.
Hey!
♪♪
Come on!
[ Back-up alarm beeping ]
Shit.
[ Engine starts ]
♪♪
I'm sorry, man.
What the hell's wrong
with you?
Is it okay?
Is everything all right?
Didn't you see me?!
It's my first day.
This thing is huge!
I didn't see him coming.
He just backed up like that.
It's okay, right?
It's all right?
We gotta go, now!
Let's go!
Yo, come help.
Drop it.
All right, bags.
We gotta go.
We gotta go. Come on.
Look, I was reversing!
You come -- You rev--
Wyatt:
What's going on here?
Asshole
just backed into me.
I'm sorry, man.
I just -- I couldn't see him.
Who are you?
Look, [sighs]
it's my first day.
Where's --
Where's Grange?
I'm --
Yo, give me the other bag.
All right, hold on.
I'm new here, all right?
He was in my blind spot.
I'm coming back, I --
You believe this bullshit?
Why'd you park
your truck here?
♪♪
We gotta go!
I don't know where to park, man.
As I said...
Shut up.
...it's my first day.
I'm just --
♪♪
Keep an eye on him.
Hey, look --
Hey, get over here.
Whoa, whoa.
Get over here.
All right, all right,
all right.
You got it.
Shut up.
Don't move.
♪♪
[ Thud ]
[ Metal clangs ]
Shh, shh, shh,
shh, shh, shh.
[ Gun cocks ]
♪♪
[ Door creaks and bangs ]
Ugh! Ugh.
[ Indistinct shouting ]
Let's go!
And what about J?
We'll get him
on the other side!
♪♪
[ Grunting ]
[ Gunshot ]
What was that?
Was that gunfire?
[ Motors revving ]
♪♪
Let's go!
Let's move!
[ Siren wailing ]
[ Gunshot ]
Come on!
Where's J?!
He's taking fire!
Let's go, man!
Move! Move!
Go! Go!
He's on the other side!
Oh, shit. There he is!
There he is!
♪♪
[ Gunshots ]
[ Gun clicks ]
[ Echoing ]
You're dead!
-Let's go!
-Got you.
Get him on!
You're dead!
[ Siren wailing ]
Go! Harbor Patrol!
Deran: I see 'em!
I see 'em!
Shots fired! Shots fired!
I need back-up!
Send Long Beach PD
to the Long Beach Port.
Craig: Hey, man,
they're gaining on us!
You gotta go faster
than this!
This is as fast
as it goes, man.
Deran,
you've gotta move this!
Go, go, go!
[ Siren wailing ]
♪♪
We'll try and lose them
in here!
Still in pursuit!
Headed under the pier.
[ Siren wailing ]
See them?
Nope.
[ Wailing stops ]
Did you see
where they went?
Oh, there they are!
Right there!
Don't back down!
Let's go, let's go!
Come on!
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, they're gonna hit us!
Stop! Stop!
-Come on!
-What are you doing?!
Let's go.
Come on, baby.
No, no, no!
Cut it out!
-Whoo! Yeah!
-Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
Hey, turn this thing around!
Ah, come on!
Come on, come on, come on!
♪♪
All right, Plan B!
We gotta ditch!
We'll ditch behind this barge!
All right!
Wait, take the wheel!
I'm going good.
♪♪
Let's get moving!
[ Siren wailing ]
Up ahead!
We're at the barge!
Bleach it!
Bleach it all!
-Come on, let's go! Come on!
-Move it!
♪♪
There they are!
[ Siren wailing ]
♪♪
-Whoo!
-Yeah!
Whoo!
Let's go!
Vassley: Still in pursuit!
They're heading for open water.
Good luck catching
that boat, bitches!
♪♪
It's nice, isn't it?
Come on.
Wait till you guys see
what's in the backyard.
Your very own...
...pool!
Come on!
There's a bunch of rooms.
You guys can pick
any one you want.
There's pizza.
And [gasps] hot dogs,
pudding.
Ooh, Andrew,
come see the TV.
♪ It's huuuuuge ♪
And there's an Atari!
♪♪
And what do you think?
You know the people
who live here?
Sure, I do.
How else would I know that
they'd be gone all weekend?
♪♪
Okay.
Fine.
We're just borrowing it.
Okay?
But we deserve it!
Come on. You really don't
want to go swimming?
I didn't bring my suit.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Laughs ]
Come on.
[ Grunts ]
1.16, 1.17, 1.18,
1.19, 1.2.
$1.2 million.
-[ Whistles ]
-Hell, yeah.
But what kind of an asshole
keeps this kind of cash
in a shipping container?
An asshole
that gets ripped off.
-Yeah.
-That's right.
Where's our tracker?
You find it?
Mm-hmm.
Good job on that.
Yeah, giving them
all that money was ballsy.
Happy to help.
All right,
this is your cut.
All right, well,
guess I should get going.
All right.
[ Clears throat ]
Hey, it's nice to see
you boys working together.
Smurf would be proud.
Yeah.
Stay out of trouble.
I gotta head out, too.
What?
What about dinner?
No, I gotta get back
to the bar.
We're opening back up
tomorrow.
No.
No, we did a job.
Then we have dinner together.
That's how we do it.
Okay, are you gonna
cook us something?
No, you're gonna
pick something up.
[ Sighs ]
$1.2 million.
We gotta put it
in the storage unit.
[ Laughs ]
Yes!
Hello.
[ Water splashing,
children laughing in distance ]
♪♪
[ The Pretenders'
"Day After Day" plays ]
♪♪
♪ Way up in the sky ♪
Whoo!
♪ Over the city, over Tokyo ♪
Aah!
♪ Silver light, summer moon ♪
[ Sighs ]
So, we even?
[ Laughs ]
Is that how you say goodbye?
What are you gonna do?
[ Chuckles softly ]
Whatever I want.
And you really
have to go now?
Yeah.
Can't just push your flight
a couple hours?
Hmm?
You'll be all right,
you know.
[ Engine starts ]
Hey, you gotta
go pick up dinner.
Why?
Pope wants us back here
at 6:00.
Seriously? We're actually --
We're actually doing that?
Yeah.
You want to tell him no?
[ Engine starts ]
Well, why do I gotta
pick up the food?
Get some eggrolls,
pork lo mein,
chicken and broccoli,
some hot and sour soup.
♪♪
You got your gun?
Yeah, why?
Let's go see Pete.
♪♪
[ Brush scraping ]
Hey.
Hey, boss.
[ Scraping continues ]
How's everything looking
for tomorrow?
Uh, we're looking good.
♪♪
Hey, listen.
Look, I know things
have been...
tough with the bar being closed
and everything, so, uh...
...that's for
sticking around.
I'm gonna make you
manager, too.
And I need you to put in
an order at McClean's,
all right?
For 30 grand.
That's a lot of booze.
I need you to keep that up
every two months, okay?
♪♪
All right.
She's not here.
I know.
Then, what?
She wants me
to get her stuff.
Nick's, too.
Wait, are you kidding me?
Come on, Craig.
No.
She took my kid.
She won't return my calls.
And now you're here
picking up her shit?
Craig.
What's up with her?
I don't know.
Sh-- She won't
talk about it.
Well, where is she?
She doesn't want you
to know.
Come on, Tonya.
Where is she?
Her cousin's.
[ Scoffs ]
She's with those assholes?
Yeah.
And Nick's there with her?
So, can I get her stuff?
No, you can tell Renn
to call me.
Otherwise, I'm gonna
throw her shit out.
♪♪
[ Car door slams ]
[ Wrench clicking ]
We need to talk.
♪♪
I ain't got shit
to say to you.
What, you the driver now,
ese?
Thought you were
running things.
♪♪
Okay, Andrew.
Let's go in the back.
♪♪
So?
It's cool.
If I knew it was gonna
go down like this,
I would have passed out
breath mints.
You say
what you gotta say.
You stole from us.
[ Breathing heavily ]
You lied.
You think that can stand?
Smurf's gone.
Things are different.
You know it, too.
Your shit's loose.
[ All grunting ]
♪♪
Aaaah!
Aaaaah! Ahh!
[ Groaning and gasping ]
♪♪
You get us our share
of that coke money
by the end of the week,
or I'm gonna come back here
and take pieces of you
till there's nothin' left.
[ Grunting and moaning ]
♪♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
Yo.
Let me get one of those.
[ Sighs ]
Thanks.
Let's get this shit
over to the table.
Where you guys been?
[ Breathing heavily ]
I talked to Pete.
Just now?
Thought we were
all gonna do that.
I handled it.
[ Sniffs ]
He took Pete's eye out.
Jesus.
I reminded Pete
not to break the rules.
[ Sniffs ]
All right,
let's get the table set.
It's time for dinner.
Let's go.
[ Food bags rustling ]
♪♪
Julia: Mommy?
What's the matter?
Can't sleep.
Mm. How come?
What if the people
come back early?
I told you.
They're not going to.
Here, have some of this.
It'll help you sleep.
[ Smacks lips ]
[ Laughs ]
You guys like this house?
Mm-hmm.
[ Laughs ]
Good.
I'm gonna get it for us.
Would you like that?
Yeah.
Hey, come here.
You.
Come here.
Come here. Come.
Get over here.
[ Laughs ] Hey.
What do you think
of this house?
Andrew: It's big.
Yes, it is big.
[ Laughs ]
It's kind of perfect
for us.
You know why?
You're gonna have
a little brother.
a little brother!
We're all gonna live here
together.
We're gonna do what we do.
We're gonna
have so much fun.
Oh.
What do you think?
Is Jake the daddy?
[ Laughs ]
Does it matter?
What do you think about
having a little brother?
You excited?
You're gonna help me
take care of him, right?
Gonna protect him?
Just like you protected me.
Huh?
You'll do that for me,
won't you, baby?
Yeah?
I know you will.
[ Smooches ]
I know.
Craig: So [sighs]
now that we got all this cash,
how we gonna do this?
Usual?
Actually,
we were kind of [sighs]
thinking we'd do things
differently this time around.
J, you wanna tell them?
♪♪
Um...
We should sell
Smurf's apartments.
Buy businesses.
I mean, it'd let us
push more money through.
What, so that means
no more allowance bullshit?
Yeah. I mean, it's gonna
take a while to set up.
We need to find a business
for each of us,
but until then,
we can push as much money
through the bowling alley
as we can, and --
And the bar.
Thought you wanted
to keep that separate?
Not anymore.
So?
Yeah, man.
Sounds like a plan.
I'm in.
Yeah, me, too.
All right.
Well...
may we all get
what we want...
[ Laughter ]
All:
...but never what we deserve.
There we go.
♪♪
[ Siren wails ]
[ Police radio chatter ]
♪♪
Hey.
It's gonna be a long night.
We got a female, late 20s.
Looks like she's been buried
a couple years.
Oh, whoa.
Let me see that.
Construction found her while
they were breaking ground
to lay the foundation
for the new Section 8 housing --
Sergeant.
We got an ID.
It was in the suitcase
that was tossed in with her.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
"Catherine Belen."
Looks like
she's from Oceanside.
Nice to meet you, Catherine.
♪♪